Love isn't foreign to either of us.
You know the rules just like I do.
For me, only you matter.
You won't get that from anyone else here.
I want to tell you how I feel,
so you understand too. I'll
never give up on you, never let
you down, never wander off
and leave you alone.
I'll never make you cry, never say
goodbye,
never lie to you
and hurt you.
We've known each other for so long.
Your heart urges you,
but you're too shy.
Deep down, we both know it.
We know the game and we're playing a round.
And if you ask me about my feelings, do
n't say you don't see it.
I'll never give up on you, never
let you down, never wander off
and leave you alone.
I'll never make you cry, never say
goodbye,
never lie to you
and hurt you.
I'll never give up on you, never let
you down, never wander off
and leave you alone.
I'll never make you cry,
never say goodbye,
never lie to you
and hurt you.
(Oh, give up on me)
(Oh, give up)
I'm giving you up,
I'm giving you up
(Give up)
I'm giving you up,
I'm giving you up
(Give up)
We've known each other for so long
Your heart urges you,
but you're too shy Deep down,
we both know it
We know the game and we're playing a round
I want to tell you how I feel So that
you understand too
I'll never give up on you Never let you down I'll never wander around
and leave you alone
I'll never make you cry Never say
goodbye Never
lie to you
and hurt you
I'll never give up on you Never let
you down I'll never wander around
and leave you alone
I'll never make you cry Never say
goodbye
Never lie to you
and hurt you
I'll never give up on you Never let
you down I'll never wander around
and leave you alone
I'll never make you cry Never say
goodbye
Never lie to you
and hurt you